Add debug logs (#2730)
Dynatrace/dynatrace-operator: doc/debug-logs.md

> # Rules for debug logging

Author: Once we agreed on it we can move it wherever it might fit better.

> # Rules for debug logging

Reviewer: fixed in e3699102

> - Do not log errors that bubble up to the controller runtime. They will be logged anyways and we do not want to log errors multiple times because it's confusing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not log errors that bubble up to the controller runtime. They will be logged anyway, and we don't want to log errors multiple times because it's confusing.

```

- Use debug logs to show the flow.

> - Provide meta data so that logs can be related to objects under reconciliation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provide metadata so that logs can be related to objects under reconciliation.

```

> - Provide additional information that might be helpful for troubleshoot in key/values of log (e.g. values of variables at that point)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provide additional information that might be helpful for troubleshooting in key/values of the log (e.g. values of variables at that point)

```

- Use a local logger with pre-configured key/values to avoid duplication

> - Be careful to not accidentally log confidential info like passwords or tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Be careful not to log confidential info like passwords or tokens accidentally.

```
